---
title: 'President's Award - SRS 2021'
date: 2021-03-26
permalink: /posts/2021/03/SRS/
tags:
  - talks
  - conference
  - research
---

On March 20, 2021, I was pleased to present my current research at the 14th annual San Diego State University (SDSU) Student Research Symposium (SRS) where I won the President’s Award. I have been presenting my research at SRS since I was an undergrad in 2018 and each year my experience is always rewarding. This year, the symposium took place virtually due to Covid-19.

> SRS is a public forum where SDSU students present their research, scholarship, and creative activities. The symposium is a two-day event, occurring each spring semester, that recognizes the outstanding scholarly accomplishments of SDSU students. It is a great way to learn about all the wonderful projects of our students, both graduate and undergraduate.

> [SDSU](https://research.sdsu.edu/sdsu_student_symposium)

I presented a 10 minute oral presentation for my recent project titled Network models for analyzing the deformities induced by the ecotoxicological contaminant Tris(4-chlorophenyl)methanol (TCPMOH) in developing zebrafish (Danio rerio). Check out the video!

{% include video id="ugVo9EuZOBY" provider="youtube" %}

After a live Q&A with the judges, I am honored to announce this presentation won me the President’s Award and a $500 cash prize at the event. As one of the top awardees, I was chosen as a SDSU delegate to the California State University (CSU) Student Research Competition (SRC). The CSU SRC event was held shortly after SDSU SRS where I found further success.

Please do not hesitate to reach out with any questions about my work or current research.